# Monte-Carlo-simulation-of-CO2-emissions-by-private-cars-in-Quebec

This project was done for a Statistical Learning course at HEC Montreal. There were 4 contributors to this project. 

We used Monte-Carlo simulation to simulate the carbon dioxide emissions generated by private cars and light trucks in Quebec under several scenarios. the current policies and compare them with emissions under alternative policies and changes in consumer attitudes.

We considered the following scenarios:

* Scenario 1 - Baseline - under the current policy / prices / consumer preferences. Car prices and consumer preferences stay the
same as today.
* Scenario 2 - Electric/hybrid car price goes down by 10%. 
* Scenario 3 - Electric/hybrid car price goes down by 25%. 
* Scenario 3a - BLACK FRIDAY - Electric/hybrid car price goes down by 40%! 
* Scenario 4 - Willingness to buy an electric/hybrid car increases by 20%. 
* Scenario 5 - Willingness to buy an electric/hybrid car increases by 40%. 
* Scenario 6 - Willingness (probability) to buy a truck declines by 10%. 
* Scenario 7 - Willingness (probability) to buy a truck declines by 20%. 
* Scenario 8 - Electric/hybrid car price goes down by 10% and the willingness to buy an
electric/hybrid car increases by 20%. 
* Scenario 9 - Exponential growth in electric/hybrid car sales over the three years, following the observed trend in the market.

The detailed report is available in a .pdf file in this repository. The simulated data is provided in csv files.
